1. **The Over-fetching Problem:** In your own words, explain the concepts of “over-fetching” and “under-fetching” in the context of a REST API. How does GraphQL’s query language inherently solve this problem?
> In the context of REST APIs, there's a problem when querying the exact data we need to work with. When a request for data is sent at certain endpoints, RESTful APIs are structured in such a way that all of the body of a data is returned, when perhaps only needed a piece of the body. For example, at endpoint /users perhaps we just want their first_name, last_name, and email fields. Unfortunately, this specific endpoint returns the names, emails, phone numbers, addresses, password, username, date of birth, last login date... a whole lot of things we didn't need. This is known as "over-fetching." On the otherside of the spectrum, we might need to construct an object by needing to piece together data from different endpoints as each endpoint only gives us a small piece of a large whole. This is known as "under-fetching." GraphQL inherently solves this over-fetching and under-fetching issue by, though only one endpoint, querying the exact data that we need using its Schema Definition Language (SDL). 

2. **Endpoint and Schema Philosophy:** Compare the endpoint structure of a typical REST API with that of a GraphQL API. How does GraphQL’s strongly-typed schema benefit frontend developers?
> Sort of explained above. GraphQL uses only one endpoint (usually /graphql) as a POST method, then utilizes a special querying lanaguage scheme called Schema Definition Langauge (SDL) in which you type out the object you need and their fields that you need. GraphQL enforces a strongly type definition, such as strings will be strings, users will be of type users, etc.

3. Caching and Complexity: Caching is often cited as a major advantage of REST. Explain why caching is simpler in REST compared to GraphQL. What is a use case where the flexibility of GraphQL might outweigh its caching complexity?
> Caching can be done a simpler in a RESTful API due to some built-in tools to help the caching that GraphQL's SDL doesn't do. Caching allows the server to store or cache data into the borwser that might need to be requested multiple times, that way we can just pull from whats stored in the cache and improve performance. A usecase where GraphQL will outweigh REST's advantage in caching is if a project needs to utilize a complex querying structure where the schema of data might get updated in development a lot. 
